content/blog/_index.md, before:

---
title: A Blog That Works
description: |
  This is a fully featured blog that supports categories, 
  tags, series, and pagination.
author: "The R Markdown Team @RStudio"
show_post_thumbnail: true
thumbnail_left: true # for list-sidebar only
show_author_byline: true
show_post_date: true
show_button_links: false
# for listing page layout
layout: list-sidebar # list, list-sidebar, list-grid

# for list-sidebar layout
sidebar: 
  title: A Sidebar for Your Thoughts
  description: |
    This is a fully featured blog that supports categories,
    tags, series, and pagination. Even this sidebar offers 
    a ton of customizations.
    
    Check out the _index.md file in the /blog folder 
    to edit this content. 
  author: "The R Markdown Team @RStudio"
  text_link_label: Subscribe via RSS
  text_link_url: /index.xml
  categories_link: true
  series_link: true
  tags_link: true
  show_sidebar_adunit: true # show ad container

# set up common front matter for all pages inside blog/
cascade:
  author: "The R Markdown Team @RStudio"
  show_author_byline: true
  show_post_date: true
  show_comments: true # see site config to choose Disqus or Utterances
  # for single-sidebar layout
  sidebar:
    text_link_label: View recent posts
    text_link_url: /blog/
    show_sidebar_adunit: false # show ad container
---

** No content below YAML for the blog _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside blog/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**

Commit message:

Made some changes to overall formatting. Started first blog post.

content/blog/_index.md, after:

---
title: My Thoughts
description: |
  Here are some topics I've spent some time thinking about and were of significant enough interest to me that I took time out of the PhD life to write about them without being graded or paid to do so.
author: "Anna Cobb"
show_post_thumbnail: true
thumbnail_left: true # for list-sidebar only
show_author_byline: true
show_post_date: true
show_button_links: false
# for listing page layout
layout: list # list, list-sidebar, list-grid

# for list-sidebar layout
sidebar: 
  title: A Sidebar for Your Thoughts
  description: |
    This is a fully featured blog that supports categories,
    tags, series, and pagination. Even this sidebar offers 
    a ton of customizations.
    
    Check out the _index.md file in the /blog folder 
    to edit this content. 
  author: "The R Markdown Team @RStudio"
  text_link_label: Subscribe via RSS
  text_link_url: /index.xml
  categories_link: true
  series_link: true
  tags_link: true
  show_sidebar_adunit: true # show ad container

# set up common front matter for all pages inside blog/
cascade:
  author: "Anna Cobb"
  show_author_byline: true
  show_post_date: true
  show_comments: true # see site config to choose Disqus or Utterances
  # for single-sidebar layout
  sidebar:
    text_link_label: View recent posts
    text_link_url: /blog/
    show_sidebar_adunit: false # show ad container
---

** No content below YAML for the blog _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside blog/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**
